# Releases

The following are the types of releases:

-   Build System Dependency
-   Binary distribution
-   Source distribution

The build system dependency provides both the client API and the server API. The 
definitions to declare the dependency can be found [here](dependency-info.html). 
The definitions to declare the dependency for only the client API can be found 
[here](jargyle-client/dependency-info.html). The definitions to declare the 
dependency for only the server API can be found 
[here](jargyle-server/dependency-info.html). The following is required for any 
of the dependencies:

-   Java 9 or higher

The binary distribution has the entry name prefix 
`jargyle-distribution-VERSION-bin` (`VERSION` is further specified 
in the entry name prefix). It comes in multiple archive formats, any of which 
you may choose. The distribution contains the files to run Jargyle from the 
command line. The JAR files included in the distribution can also be used as an 
API for your project. The following is required for the binary distribution:

-   Java 9 or higher

The source distribution generated by GitHub has the entry name `Source code`. 
It comes in multiple archive formats, any of which you may choose. The 
distribution contains the files to run automated testing and to build the 
binary distribution. The following is required for the source distribution:

-   Java 9 or higher
-   Apache Maven 3.3.9 or higher

Once you have installed the requirements for the binary distribution or the 
source distribution, be sure to have the environment variable `JAVA_HOME` set 
to the Java home directory.

Releases for the binary distribution and the source distribution can be found 
[here](https://github.com/jh3nd3rs0n/jargyle/releases).